Loading Usenet data
Usenet data loaded...
#num_posts: 11314, #features: 110992
Searching for usenet posts
Searching over...
Post #4862, matching distance=0.789085
Post text:
From: charlesw@sail.LABS.TEK.COM (Charles Wilson)
Subject: Re: Experience/opinions sought, diesel engines
Article-I.D.: sail.13600
Organization: Tektronix, Inc., Beaverton,  OR.
Lines: 42

In article <91321@hydra.gatech.EDU> jkg@jmp.com writes:
>Apologies if this is a FAQ (is there a FAQ posting for this group? I
>am an infrequent reader of rec.autos, so I can't remember).
>
>I am in the market for a used Chevy Suburban, and have observed that
>prices for models with diesel engines run about $1000-2000 less than
>comparable models with a gas engine.
>
>There has to be a reason for this.
>
Yes, there is:  consumer confusion.  In the early 80's with the
fuel crisis, etc., everyone wanted better fuel mileage.  Diesel fuel
was the cheapest fuel available and usually provides better mileage
than comparable gasoline engines.  So, GM decided to conver their
350 gas engine into a diesel engine (I think was a 5.7 liter).  Big
mistake.  The engine was not redesigned, but converted.  The engine
could not handle the higher compression, etc.  Lots of problems with
these cars.  This thew up a big red flag to the casual observer --
DON"T BUY A DIESEL.  THEY ARE BAD.  This was a gross generalization.

Ask yourself this question -- if your livelihood depended on driving,
LOTS of it, would you use a dependable or undependable (but cheaper
in the short run) vehicle?  What do Greyhound busses have in them?
Trailer Trucks?  Even Train Locomotives?  Are these gasoline engines?
No, they are diesel.  Tractor trailer truck manufacturers provide a
500,000 mile warrantee with they vehicles.

I own an `82 Diesel Suburban.  The 6.2L diesel is a GREAT engine.
Just keeps going.  It was more expensive (when new) than the gasoline
engine vehicle was.  The only problem with diesel engines is that 
when they need to be rebuilt, they are expensive.  In a gas 350
engine, you will pay about $1000 for a rebuild.  Diesel 6.2L is about
$2000.  But then again, the diesel engine lasts about twice as long
and gets about 50% better mileage.  A carburator for a gasoline engine
costs about $100 to rebuild (or less).  A rebuild of the fuel injection
pump on a diesel will cost about $500 (or more).  But then again,
you never need a tune-up.

If you're looking at a rebuilt 6.2L, I'd say you got a great deal.
Check to see if the fuel injection pump was rebuilt also.

Good luck.

--------------------
Post #5172, matching distance=1.040010
Post text:
From: Lawrence Curcio <lc2b+@andrew.cmu.edu>
Subject: Re: Big amateur rockets
Organization: Doctoral student, Public Policy and Management, Carnegie Mellon, Pittsburgh, PA
Lines: 26
NNTP-Posting-Host: po3.andrew.cmu.edu
In-Reply-To: <C5Ky9y.MKK@raistlin.udev.cdc.com>

Let's see. These aren't, in a strict sense, amateur rockets. That term
denotes rockets, the engines of which are constructed by the user. The
rockets you describe are called HPR, or high power rockets, to
distinguish them from (smaller) model rockets. They use factory-made
ammonium perchlorate composite propellants in phenolic plastic engines
with graphite nozzles. The engines are classified by impulse. A "D"
engine, for example, can have no more than 20 newton-seconds of impulse.
An "F" engine can have no more than 40 ns. Each letter corresponds to a
doubling of the maximum impulse. So far, engines up to size "O" are
available pretty much off the shelf. Engines of size H and above are
shipped as Class B explosives, and as such are controlled. Engines of
size F and below are shipped as Class C explosives, and are not as
controlled. Class F engines, BTW, are not HPR engines, but model rocket
engines. (Class G engines go in and out of legal limbo.)

There is an HPR Society, The Tripoli Rocket Society, I believe, which
holds events at various sites throughout the year, with all legalities
(FAA waiver included) taken care of. The National Association of
Rocketry is more concerned with engines below H, though it is involved
in HPR as well. These societies certify users of HPR rockets, and
companies will not sell to uncertified individuals.

Bottom Line: It's legit. I suggest you send for a catalog - but forget
the dynamite, will ya?

-Larry C.

--------------------
Post #8011, matching distance=1.146370
Post text:
From: rjwade@rainbow.ecn.purdue.edu (Robert J. Wade)
Subject: Re: Integra GSR
Organization: Purdue University Engineering Computer Network
Lines: 21

>
>Quad 4 reliable, yeah, what's your definition of reliable- if that's reliable,
>then its safe to say that integra engines in general are near perfect
> (not to mention, a hell of alot smoother and quieter - balance shafts.The Acura has the engine
>   wins the reliablity contest hands down. You can rev that car all day, everyday,
>and you'll never blow a hose, or crack the block, or anything else. (I speak
>from expierence!)
>I'm not saying the Quad 4 is a bad engine, but don't highlight reliability when you
>comparing it to a Acura Engine.  AND while the Integra costs alot more, it is a

a couple of things:  blowing a hose doesn't speak of engine reliability, and 
while it is true that quad4's have a problem with head gasket leaks, that was
a design flaw in the gasket and has been corrected.  also i know pontiac is
replacing head gaskets that leak for free for 6year/60k miles.  other than
that i have found my quad4 to be completely solid and the direct ignition 
system means no wires/rotor/rotor-cap to ever deal with.  also hydrolic lifters
mean no valve adjustments ever.  i'm not badmouthing the integra engine, i just
think you are going overboard on slamming the quad4.  you are quite correct
that the integra engine is quieter, although i would not say smoother, my
quad4 loves to rev, especially at the high-end.  do you have any evidence
of blocks cracking on quad4s?  i have not heard of this.

--------------------
Post #4518, matching distance=1.160593
Post text:
From: theslim@anathema.engin.umich.edu (Eric Michael Slimko)
Subject: Real-Time Data Display Tool
Organization: University of Michigan Engineering, Ann Arbor
Lines: 12
Distribution: world
NNTP-Posting-Host: anathema.engin.umich.edu
Originator: theslim@anathema.engin.umich.edu


Hi,

I'm looking for a X-Windows tool that can display data (in a
2D plot) in real time with a couple different signals.  
Anybody know of such a gem?  Please Email me as I do not read
this group often.

Thanks much!
Eric Slimko
theslim@caen.engin.umich.edu


--------------------
Post #10429, matching distance=1.165750
Post text:
From: tdawson@llullaillaco.engin.umich.edu (Chris Herringshaw)
Subject: Ray tracer for ms-dos?
Organization: University of Michigan Engineering, Ann Arbor
Lines: 9
Distribution: world
NNTP-Posting-Host: llullaillaco.engin.umich.edu
Originator: tdawson@llullaillaco.engin.umich.edu


Sorry for the repeat of this request, but does anyone know of a good
free/shareware program with which I can create ray-traces and save
them as bit-mapped files?  (Of course if there is such a thing =)

Thanks in advance

Daemon


--------------------
